FOOD FIGHT
==========
1. What did everyone do this week?
    * **Group** - see above
    * **Physics** - Board game representation of game, 30 cards, character sheets, ruleset.
    * **Author** - Universe and story planning. Magic. No geopolitical structure or factions.
    * **Web** - Began NodeJS site.

2. What is our goal/story/setting/direction? (Vote?)
    * something complete
    * something multi-disciplinary (art, sound, marketing)
    * something polished
    * something not overambitious
    * something manageable in a semester
    * minimal viable product
    * something simple that we can extend, time-permitting
    * something original, novel
    * something fun
    * something that will keep us interested
    * something marketable

Story: Universe with different rules. Evolutionary change. Powerful characters. Dawn of this universe. Universe is malleable. CO (players, commanders of units) are people with special powers. Emotional magic. eg. anger and fire. Separation and union magic. Neither separation nor union magic is particularly good/evil aligned. Lore is subtle.

How many levels/maps and distinct units/distinct COs? 1 level. 5 classes total. 3 units/class.
Do you have a game name related to this idea? Dawnshift
Why are two players fighting? You convincing someone else of something. Different ones for different levels.
Isn't magic very played-out? How is this novel? Because of the malleable state of the universe. Using superhuman powers to accomplish goals that cannot be accomplished otherwise.
Why do the COs have special powers? Plot relevant characters. Because magic is emotional, and these characters have more connections with people, they feel strongly and thus have more magic. Motivation.
Can players choose which CO they play as, or are players themselves the CO? Player is the CO. COs have different classes.
Why do the units follow the COs? Because the COs know many people and the COs are inspirational. Friendship.
Procedurally generated units, because primordial world. Souls aren't malleable. Everything else is. Physical appearance is.
Some games have a moral message, or political view or something. Do we want our game to expand a player's mind in any particular way? We do. It will. Your mistakes hurt people.

Tactics genre. Strategy. Tile-based. Intentionally minimal. No speed/critical stats. Health and attack. Ease of tracking. Faster to develop. Less time in design. Simpler for players. Symmetrical board. 18x18 squares.

First layer to implement: a grid you move units on. Take turns within round. One unit moved per turn. Balanced, prevents game from being dominated by an OP unit. Each player controls a team (this is reinforced in the lore). Each team has five units (lore).

Second layer to implement: terrain. squares affect gameplay. eg. lava or water or woods. elevation affects ranged units. lore (or words in the lore) affects the terrain. affected by cards. words disappear as level begins potentially.

Third layer to implement: class.

Fourth layer to implement: cards.

3. What will be done this time next week?
* **Group** - Make GitHub milestones.
* **Hipster** - Nothing. (Waiting on list of stuff to mock up.)
* **Boring** - Basic board game in Unity.
* **Author** - Generate list of stuff to mock up.
* **Web** - Put a "Coming Soon" NodeJS site on Heroku.
* **Physics** - Finish the board game. All units. All tiles.
* **Portable** - Research game studios mobile apps.

4. What are our GitHub milestones (date, tasks, quantity)?

5. What should people who missed the first meeting work on?

6. What do we want to do on mobile?

7. License for game, assets, website.

8. When/what format is our next meeting?
